Thank you, Father, for your angels. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done.
Thank you, Lord, for this New Year's Eve. There we go; we got in the river right then. We're in New York City. I see an Energizer Bunny.
It looks like a stuffed bunny, but it's not a white bunny; it's a yellow bunny with a white belly.
It's like a mustard orange, a mustard stuffed animal toy. It's a stuffed toy, like some kind of child's toy.
It's a disguise. It's like a stuffed teddy bear. It's a stuffed animal, and they're using this thing.
It looks kind of scruffy; it doesn't look new. It looks tattered, like a child has to have this toy, but it's not a toy.
It's probably about two feet tall. It's a stuffed animal used for a disguise.
This concerns subways. I'm seeing 3D printers; you understand? The 3D printing is inside of the animal.
Tell your mama to come in here and sit right here and pray with me; I need her. Hey, baby.
I told her she didn't have to come on because yesterday was her birthday, so she's having her time with Paisley.
But I need you, honey. You need to take note of this. He's waiting on you, the son of Bormann.
So, this is what I see so far. Write this down, baby. Listen. I saw a bunny rabbit about two feet tall, and it's thick in the belly.
It looks like a plump-bellied rabbit with a white belly. On the sides of this bunny rabbit is a dark burnt orange.
It's like a burnt orange bunny, like Peter Rabbit. Inside of it, the stuffing has been removed, but enough remains so that when you touch it, you can't tell.
There is a plastic device that was 3D printed inside of this bunny as a child's toy.
These people don't even care about their kids. You hear me? I see a blackheaded little girl with black eyes carrying this doll as a decoy.
She has olive-looking skin and is probably four years old, about three feet tall—a normal-sized little girl.
But her face looks very Middle Eastern. I see a little boy, too. He has a little bowl cut, and his bangs go down to here.
His hair is combed down and is the same color as his sister's: dark hair.
They're thinking outside of the box. Do you understand? This is a deeper, darker thinking, not the average way.
I even see a book carved out, like a book you would have at college. Inside, the book is carved out in a square with lace in it.
There's an object inside of this book; it's thick and doesn't bend. It's open and carved out inside, containing a liquid.
I see chambers with different liquids, and when a trapdoor opens, it floods and causes a reaction.
It looks like a yellow liquid and a clear liquid. When you mix these out of this book, there's a mechanism, a linchpin on the book, like a string.
I also see a bottle of water, like an Ozarka bottle, but it looks like an average bottle of water.
The Lord's highlighting this bottle of water to me. I see Nike high-top shoes.
The soles of the shoes are hollowed out. They're thick platform shoes worn by older ladies.
I see Winnie the Pooh. It looks like a Disney toy. The castle.
Say 'the castle.'I see this plant, and there's smoke all around it.
It looks like fog, and there's a swamp with water all around.
It's on a lily pad, and there's fog and vines growing off of it.
It's transparent with a light in it, flickering like a strobe light, but colorful—pinks and blues.
I want to go there; I want to go there where I hear the sound. There's so much peace there.
I see an elephant with a long tusk, but it's only a side profile.
Its trunk is straight out, and its mouth is open. He's focused. Oh Father, all I have for Thee.
I see a beautiful tree, and they've carved it out like Christopher Robin's house.
There's a door, candles, and a fireplace inside. It's a massive tree.
Isn't it interesting that a lot of this has to do with the rabbit and now the castle and Disney?
Tigger. What is the origin? England. What is the origin of Piglet and all of them?
It's Disney, but why am I saying Piglet, the tree, the rabbit, and Christopher?
He says, 'What's the origin, Christopher?'Is it England, son?
Take over the city. I see a lion. It's a stone lion. This lion doesn't look right.
Look at the Bank of HSBC. You see that lion? That's it. It looks messed up.
That's the lion, son. He's talking about this place. There's something here.
We're on a trail. We must find where we're going. Do you see that lion?
It doesn't look right. I told you it doesn't look right. That lion looks sick.
His face. And it has something to do with the royals. I see Christopher Robin.
Where is this at? England. It's in England. He's giving us codes today.
Oxford. I see Big Ben. I see that. It's dark outside. Where's Oxford?
Anglo-Saxon. What does it have to do with an acorn? I see an acorn.
The acorn is dark where it attaches to the tree. This is lighter, like a gold color.
The acorn is gold. I see red paint on a door on the side of a building. It's a red telephone booth. London.
I see a cross and a crucifix, but it doesn't look like Jesus; it looks like one of the disciples.
It looks like a man with clothes on. It doesn't look like a real crucifix.
Something is very serious about all this. I'm only allowed to tiptoe around it.
I see Kate. Concerning her health, she doesn't look good. She looks real white in the face, real peaked.
I hear it's another round. It's the illness. I see wings that have been charred.
I see a lot of pink, like layered grapefruit, dark burnt grapefruit.
This is what the wings look like. They're outlined with white and they're burnt. It looks the size of an egg, similar to a fish egg sac.
When you've cleaned a fish like a bass and they had the eggs, this is pink and has tentacles.
They're blood veins springing off of this thing. I see the little boy, Louis.
He has dark hair and brown eyes. He looks like a chubby-cheeked boy.
If you show me a picture of him, I'll tell you who it was. I see that boy.
It's about what he's going to do. He's firstborn. He's twelve.
There's something about this boy. Things are about to accelerate in this family.
I see the number 2026. It's in stone like an old relic. It's like calligraphy, beautiful 2026 set in stone, engraved with fruits.
It's a lapidary inscription with fruit festoons. I don't know what that means, but I see it engraved in stone.
I see a new generation coming, an acceleration of things. Watch this boy as he grows.
I see the number seven. It's concerning George, this little boy.
Seventeen. Italy. Oh Father, there's so much change in front of me.
So much darkness. Where's the light of the church? Why have I seen so much darkness over this land?
Pray for the woman. This is concerning the C-word. This is serious.
I don't know if that was a fish lay or a breast, like a mammogram.
I see a wooden beam on a millstone. I hear the word millstone. When you're milling the grain, I see a grinding stone.
There's a turning of the millstone concerning this family.
They're going to go through a millstone, specifically the husband.
It's like a windmill with a shaft turning that big stone in a room with wood on the walls.
I'm in a palace and I see a shaft of light hitting the inside. There's golden tapestry and wood.
I see a lion face at the top of a doorway in a castle. There's transparent fire from the throne of God.
It looks like a lion's face that is golden with red, and it's all on fire.
There's a lion's face in this golden sun. There's a lot of deep red tapestry.
It keeps focusing my attention on this lion. Something major is about to happen in England.
It's a lion's head carved in the wood at the top of an arched doorway.
And there's a lion's face and the mouth is open. The lion's face is open like it's roaring.
It looks like the mouth is open. It's not like it's way open, but it's open.
But it's a golden-looking lion. Could be a metaphor; could be actual.
I don't know, but it's on fire. I'm getting tired. Thank you, Lord, for your strength.
Father, if you want me to look at it still, I'll keep going. Thank you, Father.
Okay, give me highlights. What is the lion that I kept seeing, that was a massive lion there?
What does it represent? Why am I seeing that, son? What was that ugly lion in England?
And what does it have to do with Oxford? Because I saw Oxford.
I saw 2026 set in stone. Where is Oxford from the lion? Are they in the same area?
Is this a terror attack plot? Does this have to do with finances?
I'm asking the Lord. I'm seeing a lot of images tonight. What does it have to do with this woman?
I see a millstone. I see a transitioning of the family again with the older man going home.
You hear me? And I see William taking on and this young man coming up with power.
But we've got to pray for the woman. Her health's in trouble.
Do you hear what I'm telling you? Are you writing this down? The woman is in trouble.
Her health is in trouble. You need to pray for her. But the young boy rises up, and he's not very good.
I'm not going to run kids down. I'm being careful with names, but it's what this boy represents.
And I see the number seven. I see a number seven by this boy. Hallelujah.
What is that? I'm hearing it. What is that? But what does it represent?
It's a mountain flower in the Alps: Austria, Switzerland, Germany, Italy, Germany, y'all.
There's something very... all this is going on. Something about the end times.
This is very concerning: the antichrist and all this darkness right here because I'm seeing Hitler again.
What in the world? I plead the blood of Jesus over me. It's concerning that little boy and all this stuff that's going on with his family.
A transitioning, acceleration. I hear the word 'acceleration.'All right, I'm done tonight.
How long was I in that? I came in here about an hour ago. I have to rest now.
I'm sorry. I'm done tonight, y'all. I can't go anymore. My flesh...
I tried to keep pushing. I just love the Holy Spirit, but even I've still got flesh.
It's like when old Roberts said, 'When I get tired, he'd stop.'Same with brother Hagin, and I get it.
The older I get, the more I understand what they were talking about.
You think, 'Well, couldn't you just keep going?'No, it's flesh. That's why you've got to take care of it.
I want to really go over that a lot with you all when we're done because I see a lot to give you more details, and I want you to write it down.
I don't call people out anymore on this and what I saw happening with certain individuals.
You can take it to the bank. You can add to what you see. I'll ask the Holy Spirit what I can say and what I can't.
But it's very interesting. Shanghai. So why is the lion the Shanghai headquarters project?
But why is the lion in England, and where is it located? That's where the bank's located.
So it's a bank. Yeah, that's interesting. So what is it about that bank?
Are they in crypto? I wonder what their big bank is in London. So, Shanghai banks in London.
But okay, so it went from terrorist activities to something totally different. Did you see the vein, how it changed?
And so I think that's interesting because it was Pooh bear, and I saw a motif like that.
Well, it won't show the doorway, but this is Windsor Castle and the Hampton Court Palace.
So it's Windsor Castle, not Buckingham. I saw red. Is that where Kate and them live?
Do they live in Windsor Castle? Where do Kate and William live? That's interesting. We'll have to research.
We have a lot of work to do after this because I saw decoys inside of the animals.
I saw a lot tonight, lots of little puzzle pieces that are new.
Lots of new stuff. So I'm done tonight. God bless y'all. I don't know if I should even ask any questions. I don't know what to even say about it. It's very different.
When I get new stuff, usually I see a lot of the same things through a different lens, but this was all new tonight.
And that was very cool. They're all asking if it was like 100 years old.
People ask if it was this kind of... No, it was an actual bunny rabbit.
It looked like Pooh. You know that bunny rabbit on Pooh? Rabbit, Pig, you know.
Oh, rabbit like that rabbit on that crucifix. That was interesting. It was not Jesus. Some people said Peter. I don't know.
It looked like the man had brown hair and he had a crown like a halo, similar to what an angel would have. Thank you.
So he had brown hair, almost like a bowl cut is what it looked like from the side, and he was up on this cross, and it was outlined with gold.
It looked very religious. So what was that all about? Because the only thing I always thought was that Jesus was on a cross, but this man had pink-looking clothes on.
It looked like a religious artifact. So I don't know. What was that? Very strange. Again, y'all, it's raw.
But until I get time to pray over what the Lord is showing me, you just keep praying with me.
And it's interesting. I just keep looking into stuff and seeing what the Lord's trying to say.
What is it about this? What's happening? What is it about distractions, about these animals?
Because they're trying to think of something new. Shoes. Remember that?
I saw shoes, platform shoes looking like Nike Airs. Looked like Air Force, you know, those Air Force shoes.
They had thick soles; they were carved out, and they had stuff in the shoes.
Then I saw water bottles. When you mix this liquid with this liquid, it made it happen.
And they just pull the string. Do you hear what I'm saying, son?
All right. God bless you all. Did they enjoy that tonight? It was good.
I felt the Holy Spirit really strong. I'm very thankful for Him being here.
At first, whenever the enemy was not wanting this to go, whenever he attacked the live stream like that, the Lord said, 'You better take your authority right now.
Don't allow this. You have work to do.'And then when I jumped in that river, I could see it.
I thought, 'Well, that's what he's upset about. We've got work to do.'Praise the Lord.
I don't know how many are here right now, but 4,000. Look, see?
Who's that? Do you see that? Peter. So it must have been Peter.
So what church has Peter in it? They say I saw it was like that in Italy or something.
I don't know. So what does that have to do with England? Is there a big Catholic church in England?
Where did the queen have her funeral when the queen passed away two years ago?
Where is that at? London. Westminster. So is that a Catholic church?
Because if we go back to everything the Lord did tonight and what He's saying, it seemed to be connected to that family, to the royals.
Anglican is what? What's an Anglican? Is that Catholic? Because what we could be looking into had nothing to do with Catholic.
You can't add to or take away from anything. I've learned that a lot.
You just go by what he shows you. You keep praying into it and he'll show you more.
You can't get impatient with it either and go, 'Well, I want to know now.'You don't do that.
You do it. You're very gentle with it and you walk very slow like you're on ice rice paper.
I'm very respectful and you just keep pushing and the Lord will give you more.
You don't demand anything. You honor and you reverence and you respect.
As I'm looking, I'm like, 'Oh, I want to see more.'Because I want to know what he's trying to say, but at the same time our flesh and you just keep working it out.
You just keep working. But never demand. Always polite. He's a gentleman.
You're a gentleman. You're a gentle lady. You're a lady. That's how it is; it's a dance. Never demand anything. You're very dumb if you do that.
Honor, reverence the Holy Spirit and he'll use you and you'll flow like an instrument, like a symphony.
The song was very interesting. I want to get that and I want to hear that again and again.
There was a place of peace there, Braden. When I was there, I could see it was a place of fog.
It was very... I don't know how else to say it... light inside the flower.
It looked like it was encapsulated with a light inside of this, but it was almost...
do you know whenever you see a butterfly's wings like a locust?
You know how the wings on one of those locusts, they're transparent?
It's like a film, but they're see-through. And you see the veins through it. It was like that.
And it was a capsule that had black hexagon shapes like one, two, three, four, five, six, all attached.
So interesting. Well, God bless you all. Remember, we love you.
Thank you for joining us again tonight. Appreciate y'all being here.
Thank you for praying with me. We'll be back again. We'll keep praying this out. See where the Holy Spirit takes us next. Thank you.
If you could do me a favor, if you're new here, you're probably like, 'Man, this is weird.'Stick with it.
Come back and pray with us again and again. I believe you'll learn something. It's all the glory to God, though. It's not Brandon.
I want you to come back, subscribe, like, click the notification bell, comment something nice down below, and we'll continue to pray for the nations, and I believe we will see change, all glory to Jesus.
We love you. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. We'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.